Psalm 5 to the chief musician with
flutes a psalm of David give ear to my
words or Lord consider my meditation if
heed to the voice of my cry my king and
my god but to you I will pray my voice
you shall hear in the morning O Lord in
the morning I will direct it to you and
I will look up for you are not a God who
takes pleasure in wickedness nor shall
evil dwell with you the boastful shall
not stand in your sight you hate all
workers of iniquity you shall destroy
those who speak falsehood the Lord
abhors the bloodthirsty and deceitful
man but as for me I will come into your
house in the multitude of your mercy in
fear of you I will worship toward your
holy temple lead me O Lord in your
righteousness because of my enemies make
your way straight before my face for
there is no faithfulness in their mouths
their inward part is destruction their
throat is an open tomb they flatter with
their tongue pronounce them guilty
o God let them fall by their own
counsels cast them out in the multitude
of their transgressions for they have
rebelled against you but let all those
rejoice put their trust in you let them
ever shout for joy because you defend
them
let those also who love your name be
joyful in you for you O Lord but bless
the righteous with favor you will
surround him as with a shield
[Music]